Add known issue during upgrade from v1.5.x to v1.6.0(network config change) (#880)
harvester/docs: docs/upgrade/v1-5-0-to-v1-6-0.md

  -p '{"status":{"currentMigrationNodeID":""}}'
```

Related issues: [#8949](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/8949) and [#11479](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/11479)

> ### 4. Nodes stuck at `Waiting Reboot` due to network setup error
> 
> When Harvester is installed with mgmt interface on vlan-id 1 or no vlan-id, during upgrade from v1.5.x to v1.6.0, the nodes will be stuck at `waiting reboot` due to network setup error and console logs of the node show errors as `yaml: line did not find expected key`.This issue is seen only when Harvester is installed using harvester-installer version v1.2.1 or earlier and upgraded incrementally until v1.6.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 4. Nodes Stuck in “Waiting Reboot” State Due to Network Setup Error

Nodes may become stuck in the `Waiting Reboot` state during an upgrade if the following criteria are met:

- Harvester v1.2.1 or an earlier version was initially installed, and the nodes were upgraded incrementally.
- The `vlan_id` field in the `install.management_interface` setting is either set to `1` or is empty.

The issue occurs because of a network setup error, as indicated by the message `yaml: line did not find expected key` in the node logs.
```

> During the upgrade process, the `/oem/90_custom.yaml` file will be modified to change the behavior in version v1.5.x, which added all VLANs 2–4094 to mgmt-br and mgmt-bo. If the `/etc/wicked/scripts/setup_bond.sh` and `/etc/wicked/scripts/setup_bridge.sh` within `/oem/90_custom.yaml` are in the format generated by YAML v2 (used in harvester-installer versions earlier than 1.2.2), they may be truncated by a sed operation that removes the line `bridge vlan add vid 2-4094 dev $INTERFACE`. This truncation issue does not occur with scripts generated using the YAML v3 format.

Reviewer 2: Same changes needed for the 1.7 docs - thanks.
